EDUCATION

SKILLS

EXPERIENCE

John Smith
Boston, MA (relocating) | 812-499-4354 | John@JohnHS.com
https://www.linkedin.com/in/john-smith

Champlain College, Burlington, VT 2015 - 2019
Bachelor of Science Degree in Cybersecurity, Minor in Criminal Justice
Senior Project: WiFi based Intrusion Detection/Surveillance System

Community College of Vermont, VT — High school Dual Enrollment 2011 - 2014

Development: Git, Python, Javascript, Java, Web Technologies (PHP / HTML/CSS)
Networking and Systems: TCP/IP, AWS, Linux / Windows Administration, macOS

<REDACTED>, Boston MA

Security Analyst (level I) July 2019 - January 2021

Security Analyst (level Il) January 2021 - Present

e Built and maintained internal tooling which increases team efficiency through automating
workflows and coordination between analysts to facilitate 24/7 operations. Developed related
documentation, logging, metrics, and alarms to monitor application health and usage
statistics.

e Produced custom visualizations and reports from large datasets using Pandas, Elastic Map
Reduce (EMR), and pySpark to aid in analysis and generate conclusions for customer
inquiries/incident response.

e Investigated server activity and infrastructure changes in a variety of cloud based
environments to determine potential security impact and summarize findings in a concise
manner when escalating for internal review by customers.

<REDACTED>, Burlington VT

General Intern February 2014 - June 2014

Junior Tech/Programmer June 2014 - September 2014

e Used Microsoft tools, such as PowerShell and Visual Basic, to generate inventory reports and
automate custom application configuration/deployment.

e Deployed Linux and Windows Server based lab environments for experimentation and
development including many Microsoft technologies such as WSUS, Hyper-V, Active
directory and WDS.

e Configured, imaged, and wiped client systems using tools including DBAN, Sysprep, and
Windows Server.

<REDACTED>, Lincoln VT

Web Developer Intern November 2012 - June 2013

e Created custom PHP Wordpress plugins to accommodate client needs and requirements.

e Researched and used ASP.NET to create a web interface for managing legacy application
with a MS SQL Server database, allowing for the development to stay in house.

<REDACTED>, Bristol VT

Intern Programmer August 2011 - January 2012

e Built multiple tools to improve efficiency and automate workflows within the company using
the .NET framework, such as a web based internal employee directory and a tool to generate
shipping labels from a database of newsletter subscribers.
